{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 What was exciting? What was confusing? What needs more clarification? What was difficult? I will use these to guide next class, so it totally behooves you to meditate on this for a second.\
\
Hi guys,\
\
Here are the two videos: one parallel circuit and one series circuit.\
\
Parallel - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://a.parsons.edu/~samua407/cclab/parallel_oct9.mov"}}{\fldrslt http://a.parsons.edu/~samua407/cclab/parallel_oct9.mov}}\
Series - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://a.parsons.edu/~samua407/cclab/series_oct9.mov"}}{\fldrslt http://a.parsons.edu/~samua407/cclab/series_oct9.mov}}\
Schematics + Calculations - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://a.parsons.edu/~samua407/cclab/schematics_oct9.jpeg"}}{\fldrslt http://a.parsons.edu/~samua407/cclab/schematics_oct9.jpeg}}\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa260

\f1 \cf4 \cb1 This is the first thing I've ever done with electricity (let alone p.comp) and it's so much fun! It's amazing how exciting it is to make three little LEDs to light up. So far, everything seems pretty clear. The only thing I'm a little unsure about is the calculating the voltage, current and resistance of the series circuit. I think I could use a quick break down of the math - but Liza, I'll come to office hours and talk to you if I'm the only one!\
\'a0\
Anyway - I can't wait to find out what's next!\
A\
}